
4/30/25
In Edit Mode:
1) Clicking the thumbnail lets you upload a new image
2) You can change column names and types
3) You can change strings and ints by typing
4) You can change lists with dropdowns
5) Cost is in integers for now, no mana types
6) If you select-check-box multiple cards, any changes you then make to any of their fields are made to all their fields.
7) A little "edit" icon appears next to the title of each column, which lets you change its name and type.
8) When you change a column type, it saves/converts the values there if possible. ie strings become items in a list.
9) New column "+" button appears
10) New card "+" button appears at the bottom of the table.

Went to deckbuilder, tried to import cards. Totally missing the game page and uploader. Would have totally lost the user there. "You want to build cards, so go to the deck builder."

Feedback: Doesn't like the idea of me having his cards in my database. Needs Terms of Service or rights explicitly laid out. 

Error: a requested file or directory could not be found at the time an operation was processed.

He's worried about compression of cards. 

A digital TCG would not have "card images" assuming they have layers and images and stuff.

Add more image types: .gif, .webp, etc

Weirdo login/logout mechanics bother him

Probably a lot of creators who aren't using spreadsheets.
	stopgap: manually editing
juhki
More notes:
1) on the game page, show all the data we have for the card. make the table wider so we can fit all the data. so we can see that our type is working.
2) Card type filter on deckbuilder needs to actually filter by card type.
3) Visibility is on by default, so toggle should be green.
4) Hide "advanced" toggler under collapsible bar
5) add dark mode (default)
6) Need an "export deck image for TTS" which composites the deck into an image, saves it to cloudinary, and returns the url. Then they can plug that into the TTS object. Also, the TTS object needs to define a card back.

The UX:
1) they don't have a google spreadsheet, they just have folder(s) of cards. 
	a) They navigate to the folders and optionally choose types and upload the cards. 
	b) if type is present, it should display in the card list and be able to sort by it in the deckbuilder.
		this falls under, "display all the properties of a card in the card list.
	c) (Future) Editing directly from the deckbuilder so they can add searchable attributes to cards.
	d) (Future) Creating spreadsheet templates for people to start their own spreadsheets.
2) they do have a google spreadsheet:
	a) the spreadsheet needs file_name column.
	b) we need a way for them to copy and paste file names from the deckbuilder to their spreadsheet
	c) other than that, we don't tell them what to do. Whatever columns are in their spreadsheet go directly into data in their database. 
	d) We display all the data in the game card list
	e) Advanced search automatically lets you do >, = , < on integer values, and search for strings in 	string values. You can type these things into the search bar, or there's a little modal menu that drops 	down to give you a gui for it.
